This document contains notes for working with the 2017 GitHub Open Source Survey dataset.

1. Known data quality issues
 
 Due to an implementation error, a number of respondents who selected 'Rudeness or Hostility' on the NEGATIVE-WITNESS question were not able to select additional options, despite the question wording indicating multiple selections were permitted. This was corrected on 3/22/2017 at 11:45am EDT.

 Some responses were submitted after the study period closed for that sample. These appear to be cases where respondents saved the link for completion at a later time.

2. Dates

 - DATE.SUBMITTED: records the timestamp of response submission in Eastern Daylight Time, NOT the local time of the respondent. 
 
2. Recoded data

 Open ended responses have been recoded only in the cases where the frequency of a type of response indicated that the closed response options missed a common case, or where their wording was ambiguous.
  - LOCATION.OF.FIRST.COMPUTER.INTERNET: open ended responses that indicated a place of employment have been recoded into a new category labeled 'At work (recoded from open ended)'
  - FIND.HELPER and FIND.HELPEE: open ended responses that indicated public online spaces (e.g. IRC, chat, StackOverflow) were recoded into the category corresponding to asking/asked for help in a public forum. 
  
3. Multiple selection questions

 In most cases, respondents who did not answer a question (either due to branching or choosing not to answer) are empty. In the case of multiple selection (checkbox-type) questions, it is more difficult to distinguish non-response on the entire question from a negative response to a particular option. 
 
 For these questions (PARTICIPATION-TYPE, NEGATIVE-WITNESS, NEGATIVE-EXPERIENCE, NEGATIVE-RESPONSE, NEGATIVE-CONSEQUENCES), responses are recorded as sets of binary variables where selection is indicated with 1 and non-selection is indicated with 0. We have added .ANY.RESPONSE
 variables for these question sets (e.g. PARTICIPATION.TYPE.ANY.RESPONSE), which indicate whether a respondent selected any of the options at all (1) on a given question, and 0 if not. 

 Since all included either 'none of the above' and/or 'other' options, a value of 0 on ANY.RESPONSE for a question set can be reasonably interpreted as skipping the question entirely. We recommend excluding rows for which the corresponding .ANY.RESPONSE variable is 0 when working with these questions.

4. Different samples

 As described in the methodology section, this data originates from a random sampling process on GitHub.com, and a non-random invitation process from off-site communities. Because the sampling process is so different between the two sets, we recommend interpreting differences between the two groups cautiously.
 
 - POPULATION indicates whether responses originate from the GitHub.com sample, and the smaller and non-random off-site sample. 
 - OFF.SITE.ID provides an anonymized identifier for responses originating from off-site communities, for use with fixed-effects models, clustered standard errors, etc. 

5. Language

 The survey was presented in English by default.  The introductory text included directions to finding selecting an alternative language (Traditional Chinese, Japanese, Spanish, and Russian). Translations were obtained through a paid vendor, with validation and corrections from the open source community via the public project repository. Despite great contributions from the community; there may be discrepancies in the instrument between the English version and translations, particularly in the wording of response scales. 

 - TRANSLATED indicates whether a respondent completed the English version of the questionnaire (0) or one of the translations (1).


