Survey Questionnaire from GitHub 2017 Open Source Survey (English)Open Source SurveyHello! We're studying how people use and think about open source software. Whether you're a long-time maintainer, a new contributor, or an interested browser, we want to hear from you. This survey will take 15 minutes or less, and will be used to create an open data set that is freely available to researchers and members of the community to better understand the people who use and create open source technologies.We're inviting you to take part based on having visited an open source project on GitHub or indicating interest in an open source project hosted elsewhere. This survey is open to anyone who uses, contributes to, or thinks about open source software, but we are sampling carefully in order to ensure that the data is unbiased, so please do not tweet or otherwise share this link.All questions are optional. The data collected here is anonymous and will not be linked to any other data sources. We aim not to collect any personally identifying information, and will remove any that is provided before publicly releasing the data. This survey uses cookies, but only to prevent duplicate responses. To take the survey in Chinese, Japanese, Spanish, or Russian, click the bar titled "Select another language" at the top of this page and choose your preferred language.For the purposes of this survey, open source software is software available in source code form under terms that allow anyone to use, modify, and/or distribute the software for any purpose, subject, at most, to conditions that preserve provenance and openness. We acknowledge there are distinct ideologies behind Free/Libre and Open Source Software; we use the general term "open source" here for simplicity rather than as indication of support for one community over another.Alias: PARTICIPATION-TYPEmultiple selection (checkbox)1) People participate in open source in different ways. Which of the following activities do you engage in? Choose all that apply.     Follow updates and discussions of open source projects     Use open source applications     Use open source software as dependencies in other projects     Participate in open source software development (including making feature requests, filing bugs, contribution of documentation or code, project maintenance, etc.)     Other - please describe:   <page break>Alias: CONTRIBUTOR-TYPELogic: Hidden unless: Response to #1 is one of the following answers ("Participate in open source software development (including making feature requests, filing bugs, contribution of documentation or code, project maintenance, etc.)")grid2) How often do you engage in each of the following activities?    COLUMNS:     Never     Rarely     Occasionally     Frequently    ROWS:       Contribute code     Contribute documentation      Maintain project (e.g. review and merge contributions, manage releases)      Report or document bugs and unexpected behaviors      Offer ideas for new features     Perform organizational or administrative functions (e.g. manage mailing lists, organize events)   <page break>Alias: EMPLOYMENT-STATUSLogic: Show/hide trigger exists. single choice3) Which best describes your employment (paid work) status?     Employed full time     Employed part time     Full time student     Temporarily not working     Retired or permanently not working (e.g. due to disability)     Other - please describe:  Alias: PROFESSIONAL-SOFTWARELogic: Hidden unless: Response to #3 is one of the following answers ("Employed full time","Employed part time")single choice4) In your main job, how often do you write or otherwise directly contribute to producing software?     Frequently     Occasionally     Rarely     Never<page break>Alias: FUTURE-CONTRIBUTION-INTERESTsingle choice5) How interested are you in contributing to open source projects in the future?     Very interested     Somewhat interested     Not too interested     Not at all interestedAlias: FUTURE-CONTRIBUTION-LIKELIHOODsingle choice6) How likely are you to contribute to open source projects in the future?     Very likely     Somewhat likely     Somewhat unlikely     Very unlikely<page break>The following questions ask about the things that are important to you when choosing to use or contribute to software projects.<page break>Alias: OSS-USER-PRIORITIESLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #1 is one of the following answers ("Use open source applications","Use open source software as dependencies in other projects","Participate in open source software development (including making feature requests, filing bugs, contribution of documentation or code, project maintenance, etc.)")grid 7) When thinking about whether to use open source software, how important are the following things?    COLUMNS:     Very important to have     Somewhat important to have     Not important either way     Somewhat important not to have     Very important not to have     Don't know what this is     ROWS:     An open source license     A code of conduct     A contributing guide     A contributor's license agreement (CLA)     Active development     Responsive maintainers     A welcoming community     Widespread use   <page break>Alias: OSS-CONTRIBUTOR-PRIORITIESLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #1 is one of the following answers ("Participate in open source software development (including making feature requests, filing bugs, contribution of documentation or code, project maintenance, etc.)")grid8) When thinking about whether to contribute to an open source project, how important are the following things?    COLUMNS:     Very important to have     Somewhat important to have     Not important either way     Somewhat important not to have     Very important not to have     Don't know what this is    ROWS:     An open source license     A code of conduct     A contributing guide     A contributor's license agreement (CLA)     Active development     Responsive maintainers     A welcoming community     Widespread use     <page break>Alias: SEEK-OPEN-SOURCEsingle choice9) How often do you try to find open source options over other kinds of software?     Always     Sometimes     Rarely     Never<page break>Alias: OSS-UXsingle choice10) Do you believe that open source software is generally easier to use than closed source (proprietary) software, harder to use, or about the same?      Generally easier to use     Generally harder to use     About the sameAlias: OSS-SECURITYsingle choice11) Do you believe that open source software is generally more secure than closed source (proprietary) software, less secure, or about the same?     Generally more secure     Generally less secure     About the sameAlias: OSS-STABILITYsingle choice12) Do you believe that open source software is generally more stable than closed source (proprietary), less stable, or about the same?     Generally more stable     Generally less stable     About the same<page break>Alias: INTERNAL-EFFICACY13) I have the skills and understanding necessary to make meaningful contributions to open source projects.     Strongly agree     Somewhat agree     Neither agree nor disagree     Somewhat disagree     Strongly disagreeAlias: EXTERNAL-EFFICACYsingle choice14) The open source community values contributions from people like me.     Strongly agree     Somewhat agree     Neither agree nor disagree     Somewhat disagree     Strongly disagreeAlias: OSS-IDENTIFICATIONsingle choice15) I consider myself to be a member of the open source (and/or the Free/Libre software) community.     Strongly agree     Somewhat agree     Neither agree nor disagree     Somewhat disagree     Strongly disagree<page break>Alias: USER-VALUESgrid16) When using any kind of software, how important are the following things to you?    COLUMNS:     Extremely important     Very important     Moderately important     Slightly important     Not at all important    ROWS:     Stability      Innovation      Replicability     Compatibility     Security      Cost     Transparency     User experience     Customizability/Modifiability      Availability of technical support     Trusted producer             <page break>The following questions ask about practices and attitudes about privacy and transparency, both within open source and online in general.<page break>Alias: TRANSPARENCY-PRIVACY-BELIEFSsingle choice17) Which of the following statements is closest to your beliefs about attribution in software development?     Records of authorship should be required so that end users know who created the source code they are working with.     People should be able to contribute code without attribution, if they wish to remain anonymous.<page break>Alias: INFO-AVAILABILITYsingle choice18) In general, how much information about you is publicly available online?     A lot of information about me     Some information about me     A little information about me     No information at all about me<page break>Alias: INFO-JOBLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #3 is not one of the following answers ("Retired or permanently not working (e.g. due to disability)")single choice19) Do you feel that you need to make information available about yourself or your work online for professional reasons?     Yes     No<page break>Alias: TRANSPARENCY-PRIVACY-PRACTICES-GENERALsingle choice20) Which of the following best describes your practices around publishing content online, such as posts on social media (e.g. Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), blogs, and other platforms (not including contributions to open source projects)?     I include my real name.     I usually use a consistent pseudonym that is easily linked to my real name online.     I usually use a consistent pseudonym that is not linked anywhere with my real name online.     I take precautions to use different pseudonymns on different platforms.     I don't publish this kind of content online.<page break>Alias: TRANSPARENCY-PRIVACY-PRACTICESLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #1 is one of the following answers ("Participate in open source software development (including making feature requests, filing bugs, contribution of documentation or code, project maintenance, etc.)")single choice21) In your open source contributions, which of the following best describes your own practices?     I include my real name.     I usually contribute using a consistent pseudonym that is easily linked to my real name online.     I usually contribute using a consistent pseudonym that is not linked anywhere with my real name online.      I take precautions to use different usernames in different projects.<page break>The following set of questions ask about how people find and seek help within the open source community.<page break> Alias: RECEIVED-HELPsingle choice22) Some people work on and use open source projects completely on their own, while others receive help from other users or contributors. Other people can help with technical problems, understanding community standards and norms, and making introductions to other people involved in the project or related ones.Have you ever received any kind of help from other people related to using or contributing to an open source project?     Yes     NoAlias: FIND-HELPERLogic: Hidden unless: #22 is one of the following answers ("Yes")single choice23) Thinking of the most recent case where someone helped you, how did you find someone to help you?     I asked for help in a public forum (e.g. in a GitHub Issue, project mailing list, etc.) and someone responded.     I asked a specific person for help.     Someone offered me unsolicited help.     Other - Please describe:  Alias: HELPER-PRIOR-RELATIONSHIPLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #22 is one of the following answers ("Yes")single choice24) Which best describes your prior relationship with the person who helped you?     We knew each other well.     We knew each other a little.     I knew of them through their contributions to projects, but didn't know them personally.     Total strangers, I didn't know of them previously.Alias: RECEIVED-HELP-TYPELogic: Hidden unless: Response to #22 is one of the following answers ("Yes")single choice25) What kind of problem did they help you with? Writing code or otherwise implementing ideas. Installing or using an application. Understanding community norms (e.g. how to submit a contribution, how to communicate effectively). Introductions to other people Other (please describe):  <page break>Alias: PROVIDED-HELPsingle choice26) Have you ever provided help for another person on an open source project?     Yes     NoAlias: FIND-HELPEELogic: Hidden unless: Response to #26 is one of the following answers ("Yes")single choice27) Thinking of the most recent case where you helped someone, how did you come to help this person?     They asked for help in a public forum (e.g. in a GitHub Issue, project mailing list, etc.) and I responded.     They asked me directly for help.     I reached out to them to offer unsolicited help.     Other (please describe):  Alias: HELPEE-PRIOR-RELATIONSHIPLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #26 is one of the following answers ("Yes")single choice28) Which best describes your prior relationship with the person you helped?     We knew each other well.     We knew each other a little.     I knew of them through their contributions to projects, but didn't know them personally.     Total strangers, I didn't know of them previously.Alias: PROVIDED-HELP-TYPELogic: Hidden unless: Response to #26 is one of the following answers ("Yes")single choice29) What kind of problem did you help them with?     Writing code or otherwise implementing ideas.     Installing or using an application.     Understanding community norms (e.g. how to submit a contribution, how to communicate effectively).     Introductions to other people.     Other (please describe):  <page break>The next set of questions is about negative interpersonal experiences in the context of open source projects or communities.<page break>Alias: DISCOURAGING-BEHAVIORgrid30) Have you ever observed any of the following in the context of an open source project?    COLUMNS:     No     Yes    ROWS:     Lack of response to contributions or questions     Rejection of contributions without explanation      Dismissive responses to contributions or questions     Documentation that is incomplete or difficult to understand     Conflict or interpersonal tension between contributors     Language or other content that made you feel unwelcome (e.g. profanity, racist jokes, sexual imagery, etc.)  <page break>Alias: NEGATIVE-WITNESSmultiple selection31) Have you ever witnessed any of the following behaviors directed at another person in the context of an open source project? (not including something directed at you)     Hostility or rudeness     Name calling     Threats of violence     Impersonation     Harassment over a sustained period     Harassment across multiple platforms     Stalking     Unsolicited sexual advances or comments     Stereotyping based on perceived demographic characteristics     Malicious publication of personal information (doxxing)     Other (please describe):       None of the above<page break>Alias: NEGATIVE-EXPERIENCEmultiple selection32) Have you ever experienced any of the following behaviors directed at you in the context of an open source project?     Hostility or rudeness     Name calling     Threats of violence     Impersonation     Harassment over a sustained period     Harassment across multiple platforms     Stalking     Unsolicited sexual advances or comments     Stereotyping based on perceived demographic characteristics     Malicious publication of personal information (doxxing)     Other (please describe):       None of the above<page break>Alias: NEGATIVE-RESPONSELogic: Hidden unless: Response to #32 is one of the following answers ("Hostility or rudeness","Name calling","Threats of violence","Impersonation","Harassment over a sustained period","Harassment across multiple platforms","Stalking","Unsolicited sexual advances or comments","Stereotyping based on perceived demographic characteristics","Malicious publication of personal information (doxxing)","Other (please describe)")multiple selection33) Thinking of the last time you experienced harassment, how did you respond? Choose all that apply.     Asked the user(s) to stop the harassing behavior     Solicited support from other community members     Blocked the user(s) harassing me     Reported the incident to project maintainers     Reported the incident to the hosting service or ISP     Consulted legal counsel/ an attorney     Contacted law enforcement     Other (please describe):       I did not react / ignored the incident<page break>Logic: Hidden unless: Response to #33 is one of the following answers ("Asked the user(s) to stop the harassing behavior","Solicited support from other community members","Blocked the user(s) harassing me","Reported the incident to project maintainers","Reported the incident to the hosting service or ISP","Consulted legal counsel/ an attorney","Contacted law enforcement")gridHow effective were the following responses?    COLUMNS:     Not at all effective     A little effective     Somewhat effective     Mostly effective     Completely effective    ROWS:     Piped From selections in #33. <page break>Alias: NEGATIVE-CONSEQUENCESLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #31 is not exactly equal to ("None of the above") OR Question "Have you ever experienced any of the following behaviors directed at you in the context of an open source project?" #32 is not exactly equal to ("None of the above"))multiple selection34) As a result of experiencing or witnessing harassment, which, if any, of the following have you done?      Stopped contributing to a project      Started contributing under a pseudonym      Worked, asked questions, or collaborated in private channels more often      Changed or deleted a username      Removed or changed content on my public online presence      Suggested the creation or modification of a Code of Conduct      Engaged in private discussion with community members about the issue      Engaged in public discussion with community members about the issue      Made changes in my life offline (e.g. stopped attending meetups or conferences, etc.)      Other (please describe):        None of the above`<page break>Logic: Hidden unless: Response to #3 is one of the following answers ("Employed full time","Employed part time")The following set of questions asks about your relationship to open source software in the context of your professional work.<page break>Alias: OSS-AS-JOBLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #1 is one of the following answers ("Participate in open source software development (including making feature requests, filing bugs, contribution of documentation or code, project maintenance, etc.)") AND response to #3 is one of the following answers ("Employed full time","Employed part time"))single choice35) Do you contribute to open source as part of your professional work? In other words, are you paid for any of your time spent on open source contributions?      Yes, directly- some or all of my work duties include contributing to open source projects.     Yes, indirectly- I contribute to open source in carrying out my work duties, but I am not required or expected to do so.     No.Alias: OSS-AT-WORKLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #3 is one of the following answers ("Employed full time","Employed part time")single choice36) How often do you use open source software in your professional work?     Frequently     Sometimes     Rarely     Never<page break>Alias: OSS-IP-POLICYLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #3 is one of the following answers ("Employed full time","Employed part time")single choice37) How does your employer's intellectual property agreement/policy affect your free-time contributions to open source unrelated to your work?     I am not permitted to contribute to open source at all.     I am permitted to contribute to open source, but need to ask for permission.     I am free to contribute without asking for permission.     My employer doesn't have a clear policy on this.     I'm not sure.     Not applicableAlias: EMPLOYER-POLICY-APPLICATIONSLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #3 is one of the following answers ("Employed full time","Employed part time")single choice38) Which is closest to your employer's policy on using open source software applications?     Use of open source applications is encouraged.     Use of open source applications is acceptable if it is the most appropriate tool.     Use of open source applications is rarely, if ever, permitted.     My employer doesn't have a clear policy on this.     I'm not sure.     Not applicableAlias: EMPLOYER-POLICY-DEPENDENCIESLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #3 is one of the following answers ("Employed full time","Employed part time") AND response to #4 is one of the following answers ("Frequently","Occasionally"))single choice39) Which is closest to your employer's policy on incorporating open source dependencies into your code base?     Use of open source dependencies is encouraged.     Use of open source dependencies is acceptable if it is the most appropriate tool.     Use of open source dependencies is rarely, if ever permitted.     My employer doesn't have a clear policy on this.     I'm not sure.     Not applicable<page break>Alias: OSS-HIRINGLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #1 is one of the following answers ("Participate in open source software development (including making feature requests, filing bugs, contribution of documentation or code, project maintenance, etc.)") AND response to #3 is one of the following answers ("Employed full time","Employed part time"))single choice40) How important do you think your involvement in open source was to getting your current job?     Very important     Somewhat important     Not too important     Not at all important     Not applicable-I hadn't made any contributions when I got this job.<page break>The following questions are about your personal demographic characteristics and background. This is the last section of the survey.<page break>Alias: IMMIGRATIONsingle choice41) Do you currently live in a country other than the one in which you were born? Yes, and I intend to stay permanently. Yes, and I intend to stay temporarily. Yes, and I am not sure about my future plans. No, I live in the country where I was born.Alias: MINORITY-HOMECOUNTRYLogic: Hidden unless: Response to #41 is one of the following answers ("Yes, and I intend to stay permanently.","Yes, and I intend to stay temporarily.","Yes, and I am not sure about my future plans.")single choice42) Thinking of where you were born, are you a member of an ethnicity or nationality that is a considered a minority in that country?     Yes     No     Not sure     Prefer not to sayAlias: MINORITY-CURRENT-COUNTRYsingle choice43) Thinking of where you currently live, are you a member of an ethnicity or nationality that is a considered a minority in that country?     Yes     No     Not sure     Prefer not to say<page break>Alias: GENDERsingle choice44) What is your gender?     Man     Woman     Non-binary or Other     Prefer not to sayAlias: TRANSGENDER-IDENTITYsingle choice45) Do you identify as transgender?     Yes     No     Not sure     Prefer not to sayAlias: SEXUAL-ORIENTATIONsingle choice46) Do you identify as gay, lesbian, bisexual, asexual, or any other minority sexual orientation?     Yes     No     Not sure     Prefer not to say<page break>Alias: WRITTEN-ENGLISHsingle choice47) How well can you read and write in English?     Very well     Moderately well     Not very well     Not at allAlias: AGEdropdown menu, single choice48) What is your age?     17 or younger     18 to 24 years     25 to 34 years     35 to 44 years     45 to 54 years     55 to 64 years     65 to 74 years     75 years or older     Prefer not to sayAlias: FORMAL-EDUCATIONsingle choice49) What is the highest level of formal education that you have completed?     Less than secondary (high) school     Secondary (high) school graduate or equivalent     Some college, no degree     Vocational/trade program or apprenticeship     Bachelor's degree     Master's degree     Doctorate (Ph.D.) or other advanced degree (e.g. M.D., J.D.)Alias: PARENTS-FORMAL-EDUCATIONsingle choice50) What is the highest level of formal education that either of your parents completed?     Less than secondary (high) school     Secondary (high) school graduate or equivalent     Some college, no degree     Vocational/trade program or apprenticeship     Bachelor’s degree     Masters’ degree     Doctorate (Ph.D.) or other advanced degree (e.g. M.D., J.D.)<page break>Alias: AGE-AT-FIRST-COMPUTER-INTERNETsingle choice51) How old were you when you first had regular access to a computer with an internet connection?     Younger than 13 years old     13 - 17 years old     18 - 24 years old     25 - 45 years old     Older than 45 years oldAlias: LOCATION-OF-FIRST-COMPUTER-INTERNETsingle choice52) Where did you first have regular access to a computer with internet connection?     At home (belonging to me or a family member)     In a classroom, computer lab, or library at school     At a public library or community center     At an internet cafe or similar space     Other (please describe):  <page break>Thank You!Thank you for participating in the Open Source Survey. We appreciate your time and willingness to contribute to this project. You can follow the project and data release in our public GitHub repo at https://github.com/github/open-source-survey.